quick disclaimer guys before you apply
any sort of tweaks always make sure to
create a system restart point that is
super important and now let's go and for
this first step guys I'm about to show
you how you can fully disable Windows
updates what you got to do is basically
open up a normal file on your desktop
like a notepad and then paste in the
following comment from the video
description guys this basically a very
easy bet comment which we're going to
create now which is going to fully
disable Windows updates on any PC just
simply drag in there the script which
you can find in the video description I
mean you can just see that it's going to
put the windows updat that tpe to
disabled and all of that and then just
simply go under save as and you're going
to name it something like Windows update
or disable Windows updates however you
guys want to call it and thenb on the
end guys that is super important so that
we actually have a bet file which we can
run on our PC then all you got to do is
save it real quick and then you already
have it on your PC right click onto it
and launch it as administrator and then
once you click under yes you can then
see that Windows update services are
fully disabled what we're going to use
now guys is a tool called Snappy driver
installer this one is going to help you
out to basically update your network
driver on any sort of network card
doesn't matter if you use real Tech or
Intel or whatever guys just simply get
the latest version as shown here right
now on screen then once you got it just
simply open up the folder and make sure
to create a new folder on your desktop
which you're going to name Snappy driver
or however you guys want then drag
everything from the download into this
file then you're going to open it up and
in then now we have a bunch of access
but we actually want to click onto the
SDI autobat right click onto it and run
it as administrator once you in the tool
you get to accept the terms and then
it's going to ask you if you want to
give it permission of course yes and
then we have the snappy driver install
origin window and you want to click
under download indexes only guys that
way it's going to give you an updated
list of every single driver which can be
updated on your PC all you got to do is
just simply wait for it to load real
quick and then it's going to give you
this whole updated list and now to check
exactly which network driver you have
you're going to open up your task
manager and then just simply go under
Network and then you can see on the top
right it says for me real Tech PC GB
family controller so therefore I know
this is the one which I have to update
so what I'm going to do is I'm just
going to search it up in this list and
there we already got it real Tech pcgb
family controller updated driver avable
what you got to do is Click onto the
main one not the ones which are
underneath guys and link to it and once
you got it check guys all you got to do
is Click basically on the install on the
top left which you can see in this red
area it says install one CLI onto it and
then you can see downloading and
installing now just simply let the tool
finish it and afterwards it's going to
Showcase you in green that the update
has been successful and you're already
chilling and good to go the next time
you restart your Snappy driver you
cannot also see that it's not available
in the list anymore so therefore the
update was successful for this next step
guys I would recommend you a gaming VPN
and G booster you can actually try it
for absolutely free with the link in the
video description guys you get a 3day
trial version it supports all of your
favorite games and what we actually
going to do is Select fortnite and then
you can see my ping is actually being
improved by already two milliseconds
here jet booster is basically going to
select the best VPN servers in your near
making sure that you have the least
amount of ping you even have a packet
loss Protection Service which is also
really nice especially if you're
struggling with that so therefore you
can try it out as mentioned with my link
in the video description for absolutely
free there is no payment guys all you
got to do is Select of course the right
region I see tons of people not
selecting this here correctly if you're
on na Central of course that one and
then it's going to Showcase you all
these servers in your near selecting the
one which is obviously the one with the
least amount of paint just simply let it
run in the background hop into fortnite
and check it out for yourself and for
this next upep guys I'm about to show
you how you can actually properly set up
your network adapter just let me type in
network into your windows search bar
until you can find view network
connections then in there you should see
which connection you have guys for me
it's EET one go into properties and then
you can see real Tech pcgb F controller
configuration just simply click onto it
and you have this new window in here now
we're going to click on advance and
there we have all the property settings
Advance e you got to put UND disabled
APR offload on disabled as well a to
disable gigabit you're also going to put
on disable Energy Efficiency EET as well
disabled Flo control as well disabled
gigabyte light as well disabled and
green eanet as well on disable then
interrupt moderation you're going to put
on disable as well iv4 check some
offload on disabled jumbo frame you're
going to put on disabled lat s offload
you're as well going to put on disabled
guys the same as well with the IPv6
version maximum number of RSS Qs
basically comes down to your CPU if you
have four course or more you're going to
put it on 4 Q's if you're still running
a dual call CPU you of course have to
put it on 2 Q's but as mentioned for
most of you it's probably going to be 4
q so therefore just simply leave it on
that the next up NS offload you're going
to put on disabled again guys power
saving mode of course as well onto this
disabled you don't want to have this
letting run in the background priority
and vline you're going to put your
priority and vline enabled super
important receive buffers you're going
to keep on the highest value possible
for me it's 1,24 receive s scaling
you're going to keep on enabled shut
down wake up on land on disabled and
speed and then TCP checks them offload
ipv4 and V6 you're going to leave on RX
and TX enabled both of them transmitting
buffers you're going to keep on the
highest value again possible UDP checks
some offload IP before you're going to
put in disabled and the same as with
IPv6 and then next up wake up on Magic
packet on disabled then the system
version as well on disabled wake up on
pattern match you're going to keep on
disable as well and shut down link speed
you're going to keep on not speed down
once you're done with that you just simp
going to click under okay guys and
everything is fully set up you're
already chilling next up guys we're
going to be utilizing TCP Optimizer you
can get it from the official website
link to it in the video description guys
and then you're going to get TCP
Optimizer 4 which is the latest version
once you got it just simply drag it onto
your desktop and then you can see the
exra right click onto it and run it as
administrator it's going to load for a
few seconds and then we have this window
here it's basically make sure that you
select the right GB family controller
then what you got to do is Click under
the custom on the bottom and drag your
connection speed all the way to the
right side to the highest even if your
network cannot support it and we have
TCP window autotuning what you got to do
is leave it on normal window scaling
you're going to keep on disabled and
then change congestion control provider
to the settings which I enabled guys
just simply copy everything which I do
here then your TTL you're going to put
to 64 ecn capability on enabled check
some offload you're going to put on
disabled ECP chimney offload on disabled
as well and the same as well with lso
then you're going to put your TCP one
fre two fre time stamps to enabled and
you're chilling and can continue to
advance settings once you're in here now
guys you want to again copy all of my
settings then for your intet Explorer
optimization settings you're just going
to copy again what I got here guys
you're going to keep it on 10 and then
the maximum connection per server on 10
as well then your host resolution
priority is basically just the tier list
so therefore you're going to put your
local priority on four and five 6 and
seven guys just simply number it through
then for your retransmission settings
you're going to copy as well everything
which I did here the same as well with
your RTO this one you're going to put on
2,000 and the minimum one on 300 then
your type quity of service you're going
to keep on zero and do not use nla
you're going to put on optimal one and
now the most important one guys gaming
tweak Network throttling index netro
thring index you're going to keep on
disabled and then this hexa decimal
number then your system responsiveness
you're going to keep on gaming zero
super important the next up gaming tweak
display algorithm you're going to keep
on default for all three of them and
network memory allocation on enabled one
and the size you're also going to put to
optimize three then for your Dynamic
Port allocation you're going to copy
exactly what I got here which is
6553 4 and your TCP Ed weight delay
you're going to keep on 30 and once
you're done with everything guys you're
going to make sure to click under apply
changes and when it's going to ask
you're going to also check back up guys
super important and you can see it's
going to ask you for system restart to
basically p all these settings and
you're already chilling and good to go
and finally guys I want to talk about
one of the most obvious reasons why
you're probably getting high ping or
packet loss which is playing on Wi-Fi
especially if your router is maybe super
far away from your PC you should always
try to use a land cable guys and if
that's not possible because of the
layout of your house don't be worried
you can use the same thing which I use
which is called dlan which is basically
a land port over the power line of your
house guys so for me I just put one of
these Dand adapters next to my PC and
plug it into the power socket and then
one of them actually next to my router
and then I connect the router to the D
adapter and that way I have a d
connection which is a lot more stable
than just Wii and it's going to give you
probably the best possible ping which
you can get with the constellation that
your router is super far away if you
enjoyed these videos don't forget to
check out the two right on screen which
are going to help you out to optimize
your Windows PC even more for gaming